Hello guys.
So we're going to go
over some of the code for
Google Assistants Push to Talk file
that we ran in the previous video.
So let's go into our terminal and
let's go into the program.
And I'll give it off to Simon
to explain the first part.
>> So the first part is just all
the libraries that you'll need,
so you'll need just json,
logging, grpc, and
a bunch of Google libraries to
communicate with their API.
The next part, as you can see, is just
a bunch of constants that we need and
then here we have
the class SampleAssistant.
So this'll be the Google
assistant itself and we have just
the initializing method just for
the object itself when you create it and
then some helper methods for
entering and exiting the bot.
And then next one is just checking for
an error or if it's unavailable, and
the next part's when we
actually interact with the bot.
So we print out all the stuff
to the terminal and
all the interactions that we have with it.
And finally after that large method,
we have the generate converse request, so
this is actually sending the audio and
the requests and
messages to the Google API and
getting the responses back.
>> So the next part is to get all
the credentials that you need.
And other specific Google parts
that you need in order to run this.
And you also need to have an audio
playback and capture mechanic
such as the microphone
on our USB webcam or
the HDMI output through your TV or
whatever you're using.
So this is the part where you actually
interact with those different parts and
where it says, you're missing this one
part, so make sure you have that with you.
So the next part is the main itself and
if you guys don't know what a main method
is, it's the one that actually runs
every single method,
every single function that you've written.
And it's the one that controls everything.
So first thing it wants you to do is
try opening your Google credentials.
This is what you set up
with your Google Cloud and
with the json file and everything.
If it doesn't, then it will throw an
exception and afterwards it's initializing
the GRPC channel which we mentioned was
during most of the audio processing.
And then afterwards we want to
configure your devices, so
your ear microphone and your speakers.
And then afterwards, we're actually
creating the conversation stream between
your input and your output.
And then afterwards, we're just
running the Sample Assistant program.
And that pretty much concludes
our code walkthrough,
this is just the basic code walkthrough.
If you guys want to know more about
individual parts of this, just let us know
or you can check out the 96 Port's
open hours for questions as well.
In the next video, we'll go over
some assigned homeworks dealing with
Google Assistant and we will see you then.